hi I'm Jevon with Alanis underwater
Elin's and is what we're doing today is
we're setting up the underwater Cove we
also have the underwater lagoon
underwater oasis in the underwater
island and the underwater cold is our
smallest model sometimes people want to
have the dry land but just the lowest
profile unit possible so that's a good
option so here's the top and we have a
base and it's what you want to do to
start out with is take your tube and
there's two different holes one here and
one over here depending on if you want
to have on the left side or the right
side of the aquarium
we'll throw out the right side of the
aquarium so I'll just put this through
here not be listened to the back of the
unit so that it'll hide the two there's
two little posts right here you can just
take the tube you know press that in
that just holds it into place and we'll
just pull back a little bit so that
tubes not so high now something that's
important is you set this up as the end
of this tube it needs to be up in the
dry land area we don't want that down
underneath the gravel that's what you
want to do is have this same level so
you don't have air coming out of this
wrong spot so you get that now we're
setting this up drying and you could
normally probably 90% of the time you'll
have water in here and this is just as
easy to do it in water so you can just
set that in like that and then you'll
want to cover it with gravel fill the
pocket up with gravel
now that's good gravel on now we'll just
go through that gravel back you want to
have this post clear of gravel chicas
opal giving the way of putting the top
on this will be the dry land so you want
to hump just a little bit of gravel up
on here this here we want to just push
it that down a little bit clear this
post
now if the kid also comes with some
rocks that's what I like to do with the
rocks is just put a couple those in
front of the doorway here that helps
prevent the gravel from shifting or
trying to block the doorway in any way
you can put a rock up on you here if you
want some growl and there's also plans
to come with this so we could put a
plant underneath the gravel there
and then you can put a rock in there if
you like and this is the feeder tube
fork with this person grab one there
that's where you can put life crickets
maybe some shrimp pellets in there or
fish dude okay so now we're ready to put
the top on so the top has three
different connection points here that's
what you want to do is this line goes up
put it over and once you get it on
you'll just shift it back when you
should play the backward it locks it
into place so it won't come off now as
what you'll do is this here needs to
connect to your air pump and before
close to the air pumps what we want to
do is cut your tubing and the kick comes
also with a valve so you gonna connect
this valve to it and the kit also comes
with a tee and the only time you use
this key is if you had an existing air
line because a lot of times people
already have an air line going to maybe
an airstone or maybe another decorative
item and then you can just look into
that line and this single line would go
off into your underwater habitat so we
don't need that in our case so you take
that and then your air pump nescience
bump from pretty much any score will
work just take that and you'll connect
it to it and plug it in and as you do
that that's gonna if you set this up and
have water and it's water may be already
up inside this unit but you want to push
that water out so what you'll do is
you'll take your valve just go ahead and
open that valve up full blast and your
to see that air pushing the water out
the water will be coming back out of
this entry right here as soon as the air
starts coming out of the to be right
here there are these two small holes and
the release points through the air then
you'll just crank that down a little bit
and just adjusted to the water where the
air comes out maybe every 5-10 seconds
it doesn't really matter it doesn't have
to be exact but that's about what I like
doing and that's all you really need
that it's
it's already two picture crabs in there